onCreate MyViewHolder
initAnimator MyViewHolder
oneClick MyViewHolder
doubleClick MyViewHolder
initFilm MyViewHolder
initButtonSelect MyViewHolder
initRecyclerView MyViewHolder
onBindViewHolder MyViewHolder
getItemCount MyViewHolder
onItemClick MyViewHolder
onItemLongClick MyViewHolder
myMethodTwo MainActivity
chooseImage MyViewHolder
chooseVideo MyViewHolder
onActivityResult MyViewHolder
getMultipartFromUri MyViewHolder
postVideo MyViewHolder
onResponse MyViewHolder
onFailure MyViewHolder
fetchFeed MyViewHolder
onResponse MyViewHolder
onFailure MyViewHolder
resetBtn MyViewHolder
onRestart MyViewHolder
onStart MyViewHolder
