onCreate MyViewHolder inexists
initAnimator MyViewHolder inexists
oneClick MyViewHolder inexists
doubleClick MyViewHolder inexists
initFilm MyViewHolder inexists
initButtonSelect MyViewHolder inexists
initRecyclerView MyViewHolder inexists
onBindViewHolder MyViewHolder inexists
getItemCount MyViewHolder inexists
onItemClick MyViewHolder inexists
onItemLongClick MyViewHolder inexists
myMethodTwo MainActivity inexists
chooseImage MyViewHolder inexists
chooseVideo MyViewHolder inexists
onActivityResult MyViewHolder inexists
getMultipartFromUri MyViewHolder inexists
postVideo MyViewHolder EXISTS
onResponse MyViewHolder inexists
onFailure MyViewHolder EXISTS
fetchFeed MyViewHolder inexists
onResponse MyViewHolder inexists
onFailure MyViewHolder EXISTS
resetBtn MyViewHolder inexists
onRestart MyViewHolder inexists
onStart MyViewHolder inexists
